Contact: ldamienvesper@gmail.com

krew.io / Krew.io Game Inc. Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

1. Terms
	By accessing the website at https://krew.io, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of
	service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance
	with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited
	from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by
	applicable copyright and trademark law.

2. Use License

	Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or
	software) on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the
	grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

	- modify or copy the materials;
	- use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
	- attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website;
	- remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
	- transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.

	You may:

	- embed krew.io via <iframe> on external websites as long as they are clearly labeled as such and
	without intention of stealing krew.io content or claiming it as your own creation

	This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be
	terminated by Krew.io Game Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the
	termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession
	whether in electronic or printed format.
  

3. Disclaimer

	The materials on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website are provided on an 'as is' basis. Krew.io Game Inc. makes no warranties,
	expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without
	limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular
	purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further,
	Krew.io Game Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or
	reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials
	or on any sites linked to this site.


4. Limitations

	In no event shall Krew.io Game Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without
	limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of
	the use or inability to use the materials on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website, even if Krew.io Game Inc. or a Krew.io Game Inc.
	authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such
	damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or
	limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not
	apply to you.

5. Accuracy of materials

	The materials appearing on Krew.io Game Inc.'s website could include technical, typographical, or
	photographic errors. Krew.io Game Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are
	accurate, complete or current. Krew.io Game Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website
	at any time without notice. However Krew.io Game Inc. does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. Links

	Krew.io Game Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the
	contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Krew.io Game Inc.
	of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

7. Modifications

	Krew.io Game Inc. may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using
	this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

8. Governing Law

	These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Germany
	and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or
	location.

Privacy Policy

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
​
1. What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?	​

	We do not collect information from visitors of our site or other details to help you with your experience.
	
2. When do we collect information?​

	We collect information from you when you register on our site, fill out a form or enter information on our site or provide us with feedback on our products or services.

3. How do we use your information? 
	​
	We may use the information we collect from you when you register,  surf the website or use certain other site features in the following ways:
	To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
	To improve our website in order to better serve you.
	To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
	To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)

4. How do we protect your information?
	​
	Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
	We use regular Malware Scanning.
	Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
	We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
	All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.

5. Do we use 'cookies'?

	Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
	We use cookies to:

	Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
	Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
	You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.	​

	If users disable cookies in their browser, some of the features of the site will be disabled.

6. Third-party disclosure
	​
	We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
	However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

7. Third-party links
	​
	Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

8. Google
	Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en	
	We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.

	Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.

	We have implemented the following:
		• Remarketing with Google AdSense
		• Google Display Network Impression Reporting
		• Demographics and Interests Reporting
		• DoubleClick Platform Integration

	We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.

	Opting out:
	Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.

9. California Online Privacy Protection Act
	​
	CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf

	According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:
		Users can visit our site anonymously.
		Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
		Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.

10. You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:

	• On our Privacy Policy Page

11. Can change your personal information:

	• By emailing us
	• By logging in to your account

12. How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
	We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.


13. Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?​

	It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking

14.	​COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
	​
	When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.	

	We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13.


15. Fair Information Practices
	​
	The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
	In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:

	We will notify you via email

		• Within 7 business days

	We will notify the users via in-site notification

		• Within 7 business days

	We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

16. CAN SPAM Act
	​
	The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.

	To be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:

	If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at

		• Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.

© 2021 by DamienVesper
